SRS
Document:System Requirement Specification Document

Title:System Reqruiement Spefication for Online Ticket Booking System

Objective (Purpose):
	The online ticket booking system Web Applictaion is intended to  provide complete solution
	 Consumers as well as internal users (Staff)  through  a single Gateway using 
	internet. It will enable users to book different type of Tickets.

Requirements:

Functional Requirements:

1. An Anonymous should be able to book tickets.
2. Allow users to create accounts feild includes FirstName,LastName,EmailId,password.and Authenticate users by these feilds.
3. Different sections should be able available for type of ticket boking Airline Tickets,Movie Tickets,Train Ticket,Event Ticket.
4. User should able to  select specific seats for choose type of ticket.
5. User should able to do payment through payment page:
  5.1 Multiple Payment page should be supported
    5.1.1 UPI,credit card, debit card
6. The system should Generate ticket with different unique id numbers
7.Email and SMS on Phone should be send on successfully Ticket booked.
8.Allow Users to cancel Ticket within the selected Time Frame.
9.Registered user should be notify in email for Events occured
10.Administrative Users(Staff):
  10.1 Allow to add or edit the events



















 The system supports customers booking and able to modify them
1 Customers can search based on hotel, apartment, inns (ex. Radisson, Singapore)
 When a customer search for hotels, apartment, and the search result must contain hotel or
apartment information (Address, Ratings, and Price) and also its availability within
choosing check in and check out date.
 Customers able to cancel their booking from their account.
 Staffs able to edit customers booking information (updating check in, check out, room
preferences, bed preferences and also cancelling booking).
 Customers can book online and pay with credit or debit card.
 The system must send booking confirmation email after successful payment.
 Customers can write reviews about hotels and apartment and also rate them.
 Customers able to check their booking status from their individual account.
 Customers can send feedback or call the company for booking purposes.
 Customers can check for latest promotion or deal